Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Yvonne Man
with David Ingles.
>> Our top stories today, gold price is
extending losses in the Asia Pacific
session following the biggest drop in 5
years. Investors are locking in gains
after this unprecedented rally.
>> President Trump reiterating that he's
hopeful of a deal with China, but adding
that a meeting with his counterpart Xi
Jinping may not happen at all. And Pop
Mart shares going to be in focus this
hour after sales surge on the back of
Labubu mania, but investors now worry
whether the company can actually keep
up.
[Music]
Good morning. Going into the open today,
we're looking at one specific sector.
We're looking at precious metals and
it's different derivatives and proxies
across the region. As you can see, 4,000
looks to be very much realistically, we
could see a drop below that on spot
gold. We're seeing a continuation, in
fact, an acceleration of the loss of the
losses going into the Asia Pacific
session following really what were big
losses already
in the overnight session. So, this is
what we're doing as far as almost the
spot prices are concerned. Some of the
proxies on your screens are coming up.
Aussie miners and ETF, of course, you're
looking at also, of course, you the Thai
baht as one of these sort of currency
proxies
of that trade substantial losses that
we're seeing in the equity complex tied
to precious metals today. More on this
in a moment. Asia Pacific is doing this.
You have Taiwan coming online. India, by
the way, shut today. You have the dollar
and the US benchmark right now, at least
the futures of that as well coming
through. And going into the open today,
A50 futures, just keep in mind, of
course, so certainly within sectors
we're looking at precious metals. Uh
we're looking at Pop Mart, for example,
we talked about that. Um some of the
gold plays like Lao Feng Gold, Chow Tai
Fook, which have done substantially
well. And within the Chinese equity
complex,
uh we're looking at this A-share market
rally, which up until this morning
actually meant that the Shanghai comp
could have tested multi-year high. It
doesn't look like we'll see that happen
today looking at how
strong this downdraft is across equity
futures. Uh the 30-year yield is now
trading at about a 1-month low. Uh so,
that's a separate conversation. We'll
get to all of that in a moment, of
course. Yeah, and this on the backdrop
of what Goldman Sachs is saying, right?
That, you know, Chinese stocks could see
about 30% upside here through 2027,
right? If you start to see a more
sustained and less volatile sort of
uptrend. So, certainly that's one thing
in question here today given where our
futures are indicated, and we talked
about the gold and silver stocks sort
of, you know, the filter through from
gold prices in that route that we
continue to see here in the Asia
session, right? Five standard deviation
move
>> Wow. in the gold price overnight. So, of
course, we're watching Lao Feng Gold in
the face of also they're doing a share
placement as well. Chow Tai Fook,
watching Alibaba given that pop we saw
here uh given some news local news
reporting about AI and the like, and Pop
Mart as well coming up with those sales
numbers still looking pretty robust here
as well. That A-share market rally is
we're certainly watching out for in
terms of sectors. Uh sports and vaccines
are in focus. There has been a bit of an
influenza outbreak as well in China that
we're focusing on here today, and some
earnings like China Unicom we're
focusing on. That CGB rally as Dave
mentioned here, and of course, we are in
the middle of the fourth plenum as well.
Yeah, okay. Lots to unpack going into
the session today.
We're we're starting things off with a
closer look of what we
well, what looks to be still we're in
the midst of this sell-off across the
precious metals space. And joining us
now is the global head of commodities
research at Standard Chartered, Suki
Cooper, joining us from New York. Suki,
good morning from the Asia Pacific. It
must have been an extremely busy
Tuesday for you, so thank you so much
for for taking the time.
Do you
what do you think happened? Let's let's
start simple. What do you think happened
overnight?
It's a combination of factors here. From
a technical standpoint, we can see that
prices have been trading in overbought
territory since the start of September.
But equally, the rally that has been
fast and furious, it's been quite a
different momentum that we've seen over
this last leg higher from round about
3,500 to when prices have reached 4,000.
It wasn't the same cadence of demand
that we had seen previously, and the
universe of investors in the gold space
had expanded quite rapidly, and we were
seeing a rapid accumulation in terms of
ETP flows. So, gold hadn't really had a
chance to test that floor. And then
coupled with that technical overbought
territory, but also we were ahead of the
Diwali related buying as well, and that
was impacting both gold and silver. Now,
Diwali took place on Monday, but
potential likely to see a slowdown in
some of that appetite as well. So, it's
likely a combination of factors, and
coupled with that we've also saw some
positive rhetoric around US-China trade
talks. So, it's a combination of
factors, but we think technical selling
has been the main culprit behind the
downward leg that we've seen.
Yeah, I really haven't seen moves like
this uh
ever, it it seems, Suki. I'm just
wondering, what are you looking at in
terms of levels right now? What's
considered a healthy sort of retreat and
pullback here, and and well, what's
resistance, what's support?
That's a great way of looking at this
sell-off. We are forecasting a quarterly
average of $4,000 per ounce for the
fourth quarter. We do expect gold to
regain its upward momentum going into
2026, and we're expecting further highs
next year. So, we're expecting Q1 prices
to average 4,200, but for the year as a
whole, $4,488
per ounce. But in Q4, we think that
currently we are seeing something of a
healthy correction. We wouldn't be
surprised if we see prices dipping below
$4,000 per ounce. From a technical
standpoint, I think that provides the
best guidance in terms of what sort of
levels we could be looking at in the
near term. And 3,900 is the next
technical support, and then beyond that,
we look at levels around about 3,700
in terms of where that support could
come. I would say that normally in the
gold space, we look to the physical
market to set that downward support, but
we haven't really had a chance to test
that floor. The physical flows that we
saw in terms of official sector demand,
in terms of demand from China and India,
haven't really been tested on the
downside. So, that will be crucial in
terms of where that demand materializes.
India's market typically would be still
responsive if prices were high but
stable, but if they're high and
volatile, then we tend to see the market
stepping away.
Yeah, so so, Suki, if you could talk
more about specifically what you're
tracking at this one in the physical
market since you mentioned that might
just be the perhaps the best leading
indicator right now for where we go
short term.
So, we think the crucial factor here is
really around ETF demand, ETP holdings.
On a on a global basis, holdings are now
have reached 3,900.
At its peak, holdings were 3,900
and 3,920.
So, we're very, very close to that
all-time high in tonnage levels, and
that peak was set in October 2020. In
terms of dollars, um AUM was has already
been scaling record highs for most of
this year, but the accumulation this
month has already reached 50 tons, and
most of that inflow has arisen across
the US and across European products. So,
one of the factors that we are tracking
now that we can track on a daily basis
is whether we see net redemptions
emerging across the ETP demand. That's
been the biggest driver of the leg most
recently. And we haven't had the
tactical data in terms of the CFTC
positioning given the US government
shutdown, but we can see from the open
interest data that the spikes have been
accompanied with higher prices, and that
suggests that we've seen short-term
positioning scaling higher as well. So,
it's a combination of checking whether
this investor demand that's been
accumulated recently, whether these new
market participants are much more
resilient, so whether they tend to be
longer-term holders, or whether we're
seeing much more nimble positioning and
fragile positioning across the recent
accumulation. So, the biggest factor to
track would be ETP flows, and then
beyond that, we would be checking
India's premium or discount, and then
China's markets as well in terms of
whether that is continues to trade at a
discount.
Yeah, we're mentioning ETFs. We
mentioned physical demand.
What about when it comes to gold's
correlations with things like the US
dollar, real yields, even stock markets,
which I think it's it's from it's gone
from a negative correlation to a
positive one. How how closely are you
looking at these relationships now, too?
This has been a fantastic or a
fascinating driver even over the past
few years. We saw a lot of these
traditional relationships breaking down
since 2022 when official sector buying
changed the dynamic of the market, and
we saw that floor being raised on the
back of physical demand. But we noticed
in July that a lot of these
relationships started to turn, and most
importantly, gold's correlation with
real yields started to become strong
again, and started to become relevant
again. And that's also coincides with
the market was starting to price in the
scope for rate expectation cuts across
the US. We're forecasting two more cuts
for this year, and we think that those
help to provide some of upside momentum
in the gold price, but we're expecting
the Fed to remain on hold going into
2026. So, we think that these key
correlations are becoming important
again. The correlation with the dollar
has become
has turned much more relevant over the
past, I'd say, 6 to 9 months. That's
that's become an important driver as
well. And that's been important
especially around concerns around fiat
currency debasements. So, some of these
macro drivers, I think they're going to
be key to track in the near term.
Suki, thank you so much for coming
online and telling us what's going on
here. Suki Cooper, global head of
commodities research at Standard
Chartered Bank. Uh part of this
discussion of why maybe we are seeing
that drop in in gold prices really has
as what Suki mentioned uh how we're
seeing tensions between US and China,
which have cooled down of late, right?
Well, President Trump added a little bit
more to that discussion, right? Saying
an upcoming meeting with Xi Jinping
would yield a quote good deal on trade,
while also conceding that the highly
anticipated talks may not happen. Trump
also says that without a deal, Chinese
imports will face a tariff of about 155%
as of November 1st.
Right now, as of November 1st, uh China
will have about 155
percent tariff put on it.
And
I don't think it's sustainable for them,
so I want to
I want to be nice to China, but China's
been very rough with us over the years.
And Minmin is in Shanghai for us this
morning. Minmin, certainly
positive tones or at least setting the
stage there for hopefully success
successful talks there out of Donald
Trump, Minmin.
Yes, but also a little bit of a mixed
messaging here, and I'm not sure how
much attention we should pay to what
President Trump says on a daily basis
because of the flip-flopping we've been
hearing over the days. I mean, right now
he's saying he's threatening these 155%
tariffs on China come November 1st, but
at the same time he's saying they're
going to have very successful talks. A
few days ago he was saying he has a very
good relations with President Xi. But he
was also warning that these high tariffs
are not going to be sustainable for
China and that China would suffer
without doing business with the US. So,
uh I guess we'll have to see. He also
mentioned that it's possible the talks
may not happen if quote somebody doesn't
want to meet if it's going to be nasty.
And it seems like he's signaling here
that he is the one that wants the
meeting to happen. Any cancellation will
be the result of uh the Chinese. But so
far we haven't heard anything from the
Chinese side. All signs are pointing to
very concrete steps being taken to lay
the groundwork for this talk because
Scott Bessent is meeting with his
Chinese counterpart this weekend to
de-escalate trade tensions. The two men
already had a virtual call on Friday
which the Chinese side said was frank
and constructive. So, yes, very likely
we're going to see this uh meeting
happen in 2 weeks' time. What's the
outcome of that? Still anyone's guess at
this point.
Yeah, I I also everyone's kind of gaming
scenarios now. What's the best-case
scenario? What's the worst? What are
some of the scenarios you're looking at?
Well, if you go down the wish list that
China has, obviously they will want
access to chips, right? Not just the
high-bandwidth memory chips, but the
highest-end semiconductors from the US
as well. And there's reason to believe
that maybe President Trump might be more
amenable to that than his predecessor
Biden given how Trump has shown a
willingness to cut deals with companies
like Nvidia, right? Giving them uh a
chance to sell to China for an ex- in an
in exchange for a piece of their uh a
pie a piece of their revenue. Um but
also there's a question of, you know,
some analysts here are saying that China
needs uh semiconductors from the US and
less than the US needs rare earths from
China. Uh and some are saying that
President Xi might be more willing to
stand his ground and walk away from a
deal if his conditions are not met. But
if you go down the list again, aside
from chips, there's also, of course,
tariffs, right? China will likely want
its tariffs to be on par with other
countries. That means removal of the
fentanyl-related tariffs, which means
that perhaps China will have to make
some show of uh pledging more actions to
uh stem the flow of fentanyl ingredients
to the US. And in in exchange, the US
wants assurance that those rare earth
shipments are going to come on time.
Now, this is something that China has
been using as leverage, but at the same
time, we saw how China has been
concerned uh about the spillover over
effect on the rest of the world because
the Chinese Commerce Ministry yesterday
had convened a meeting with an unusually
large group of businesses, 170 foreign
businesses and chambers in Beijing
reassuring them that these rare earth
controls are not meant to disrupt normal
trade and really that this is a target a
targeting the US uh in the in the in the
context of this trade war.
Minmin, thank you. Our China
correspondent Minmin Lo there joining us
uh of our Shanghai studios this morning.
Now, in the next hour we'll be speaking
with Eurasia Group's Dan Wang on the
potential Trump-Xi talks and our our
expectations when it comes to the fourth
plenum currently underway in Beijing.
Yep. Uh it's just cutting down to the
open here. Trade currently underway here
in Hong Kong is an intense northeast
monsoon, which is why we're looking at
some fairly gray skies, a bit cold
coldish. Relatively coldish this
morning, sorry to qualify that. Uh 3/10
of 1% futures are pointing down. Gold is
continuing to see some pressure. More in
markets. The opening bell 15 minutes
away. This is the China show.
[Music]
All right, we're taking a look at what
comes to your futures here this morning,
and we are slightly to the downside
here. So, we are seeing you know, when
it comes to stocks, a little bit of
cooling in the temperatures there given
just the the record rallies we've seen
yesterday
Taiwan, Japan, Korea, uh Asia overall
also reached record highs uh yesterday
as well. So, uh does this gold drop
signal anything when it comes to risk
assets here? Uh of course, from that's
one thing to watch, of course. 7:12 for
dollar-China this morning. Yeah, does
the precious metals route remain
just there, Yeah. ring-fenced in a
somewhat of a vacuum does it send a
signal of maybe other things perhaps
breaking? Ahead the overnight, this is
the equity complex. Factors, the biggest
factor moves in the US session
overnight, as you can see, right? So,
the question we're asking is is momentum
actually cracking and does that signal
perhaps more pain ahead broadly speaking
for core assets? Joining us here on set
is George Estathopoulos, uh portfolio
manager at Fidelity International.
How are you looking at this gold? This
precious metals sell-off, is that just
there, or do you see this as perhaps
being indicative of something broader?
Morning, David Moynihan. Uh Yvonne,
great to be on the show. So, first of
all, there's been a there's been a
pretty decent correction sort of
overnight and also this morning. It it
continues. I've seen kind of the
headline, it's the biggest drop in 10
years, and I think context matters here
because you go back
a week or a little bit more than a week,
and it's pretty much sort of flat on on
a week basis despite the sort of huge
drop
>> on on a decade basis. So, you know,
that's you know, it's important to put
things in context, and it's important to
remember sort you know, why has gold
been rallying the way it has been
rallying, and there's been several
factors. Um we've we have sort of more
medium-to-long-term factors that I think
are still here to stay, and there's more
short-term stuff that perhaps are
dissipating. The more long-term are we
have the Fed is easing, that's usually a
good a positive thing for gold. We have
inflation. Um again, that's another sort
of positive thing for gold. We have had
a dollar weakness for most of the year.
Obviously, it's been more so sideways
going for the past few months, but uh we
do think that the the the dollar
weakness is probably going to be sort of
more structural in nature. And there's
also been concerns around, you know,
central bank independence. What if yield
of control happens at some point? These
are all factors that have been very
supportive of gold, and I expect to to
be uh supportive of gold on an ongoing
basis. But there's been other factors as
well that have been driving this ex-
exponential increase in gold the past
few weeks. It's been the shutdown, and
it's also been, you know, the
geopolitics between um US and China.
Some of these now seem to be getting a
little bit better. Uh the news flow that
we're seeing has been a little bit
better, and as a result, it makes sense
for gold to consolidate somewhat. Uh but
I personally would think of this as an
opportunity to buy um once we see some
stabilization there. What does this mean
for other assets?
>> Yeah. For me, um the the important thing
is to always remember that the Fed is
easing, and the Fed is easing in a
cyclical ac- re-acceleration. And what
that means is probably this is positive
back drop for risk assets, even if they
consolidate somewhat in the short term.
Mhm. Okay. So, so maybe right now it's
still
somewhat of as they mentioned, right?
You're starting to see momentum start to
cracking here. Whether it's crypto,
we've seen little flare-ups in here and
there on that. Uh the gold is next. So,
can I keep a a pretty big, you know, in
terms of stock exposure? Should I be
able to continue on with stocks for some
time then? Um Yep, we we are on sort of
you know, cau- cautiously
uh risk-on mode um on on our end. Um we
would be buying weakness. Uh we're
towards the end of the poor seasonality
with October. Yeah. Just uh just over a
week um um to go. Typically, kind of the
at the very end of the year uh tends to
be sort of a bit more positive. And
again, it's about, you know, the Fed is
is easing. Um and
let's not also forget what's coming up
next year. We have fiscal spending. We
have the one big beautiful bill. Um you
know, the Fed is easing at a time when
again we're seeing cyclical
re-acceleration, and we're going to have
fiscal stimulus coming from the US.
We're going to have um even more sort of
excess capacity coming from from the
banks that will be able you know, that
will help sort of re-accelerate the the
lending cycle in the US. And it's not
just about the US. We're seeing fiscal
stimulus pretty much in most places.
You're seeing fiscal stimulus coming
from Germany, a place where has been,
you know, the most the anchor point.
It's been the most conservative country
in in the world for the past 20, 30
years. We're seeing more fiscal stimulus
coming from Japan, especially now as the
politics seem to have stabilized
somewhat. We're even having we have some
stimulus coming from from China, but we
expect more to come, especially as the
fourth plenum is is is is on the way.
So, we're seeing, you know, globally
fiscal stimulus that can help support
global consumption. Mhm.
And within the equity complex, where do
you think the best value is at this
point? Um well, some of the themes that
that that we're looking at um sort of a
couple of them. So, one of them is what
I what I can refer to as the Euro
financials. Essentially, if we look at
financials, there's been, you know,
since the global financial crisis, you
know, 15 years now, financials have
probably been one of the
worst-performing sectors. It has changed
the past couple of years, and it has
changed for some good reasons, and this
is where I think all the stars are
aligned when it comes to financials.
>> Okay. Um what are these stars? Two of
them are cyclical, two of them are
structural. The structural ones are
essentially deregulation.
We're seeing deregulation in the US.
We're even seeing deregulation in places
like Europe. For a long time, you know,
in in in Europe it's been regulation,
regulation, regulation. We're seeing
sort of a shift a shift from that. So,
you know, deregulation is is one thing.
Cash rates.
No more ZIRP, no more NIRP. You know,
these these these terms are sort of long
forgotten now. Cash rates are are are
much higher and they're probably going
to stay high. Even if the Fed eases,
cash rates are going to be much higher
than they were before. So, these are
some of the structural reasons. The
cyclical reasons are things like yield
curves. Yield curves are getting steeper
and steeper. Look at Japan, it probably
has one of the steepest curves out
there.
And then the lending cycle. We've gone
through the worst and we're seeing a
re-acceleration of the lending cycle,
particularly important in places like
Europe. So,
like financials, like financials in the
US, like financials in Europe and you
probably might have guessed my surname
is a Greek surname. I really do like
Greek banks as as as a as a cheaper play
for European sort of financials. And
even places like Japanese banks where I
think the Bank of Japan is behind the
curve.
>> And you're focusing a little more on the
mid caps as well which often value say
what why why is this the sweet spot? The
mid caps is
the theme there is focus on domestic
revenue generation in the in a world of
global disruption. That's sort of the
the the the the punchline if you if if
you may. And it it's important to focus
at least on on this and it's important
to focus on mid caps where something
else big is also happening. And what do
I mean by that? Again, going back to
Germany and we're seeing fiscal stimulus
in Germany that we have never seen
before in 30 years. And if we look at
Germany, Germany has been in somewhat of
an industrial recession the past few
years. The large caps haven't been that
much affected because the large caps
have always these earnings. A lot of
that is driven by the US. The US has
been a very resilient consumer. But if
you look at the more the mid caps are a
little more domestically focused.
They've been very much affected by
what's going on on the energy side,
manufacturing PMIs, industrial
production. All these numbers have been
relatively weak. But they're having to
come back. We've been through the worst.
They're having to come they're having to
come back. And as a result, German mid
caps we think is a very interesting sort
of place to focus on. Another place
where something very big is happening is
Japan and Japan mid caps. Again, in
Japan we're seeing for the first time in
30 plus years we're seeing reflation.
We're seeing good inflation. We're
seeing wage inflation. We've had a you
know, bouts of inflation in the past but
that's been you know, commodity sort of
imports all all imported inflation. This
time around it's more domestically
focused inflation.
>> George Wylie there, George
Efstathopoulos there portfolio manager
at Fidelity International. We're
watching Pop Mart and that stock is
popping here this morning ahead of that
open. There you go, after those third
quarter sales growth were up 8%. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, one market story in town, Pop
Mart. No, Pop Mart's later. Gold stocks
down substantially here in Hong Kong.
The open is next. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Welcome back. Just under a minute to the
opening bell here and yeah, so we're
looking at a down draft across the
entire equity complex within
within and be in between sectors as
well. When you look at equities, it's
really precious metals and everything
that's almost tied to gold whether
that's an ETF that tracks the miners,
the price itself. That's really one
pocket of the market we're following
very closely following already quite
very very steep losses in markets like
Sydney, Tokyo and also Korea as well.
Yeah, you know, is this a sign of things
to come when it comes to risk assets,
right? It seems that the guests that
we've talked to so far say it seems to
be very just focused on precious metals
here right now given just how it was so
technically overbought in the first
place that they were you know, bound to
for some sort of correction. So, maybe
maybe this is just a healthy pullback.
Fidelity is just telling us this is an
opportunity to actually buy just given
some of the structural sort of uptrend
that we're seeing when it comes to gold
prices there that maybe long term it's
still worth having there. And to go when
it comes to onshore markets though, you
are starting to see a bit of a down
draft when it comes to equity. So,
relatively speaking, I think things are
looking okay for stocks compared to what
you saw in in gold. But really you are
continuing to see maybe a bit of fatigue
across equity markets here after we did
hit some records across this region. But
yes, we're down about half of 1% for the
CSI 300. We're watching very closely
some of these chip names as well. I
mean, you know, Trump also casting some
doubt I guess you could say on this
whether this meeting with Xi is going to
happen at all. But you're looking like
of Capricorn that's down 1.6%. Let's see
how the rest of the tech space is doing
in Hong Kong because really we've been
focusing on a lot about Alibaba
yesterday. There were some reports about
AI and the like that really kind of sent
the stock going. Looks like we're down
about 2% here right now for the tech
space. So, HS Tech is down some 1%. So,
maybe we're sentiment is being sapped a
little bit from what we're seeing when
it comes to gold prices for example.
Let's take a look at how these miners
are doing, right? Because for one thing
we did see a spillover effect here in
Asia. You're seeing that in pretty
massive moves when it comes to some gold
miners in China. So, Shandong Gold's
down some 6%. Zhaojin Mining also down
6%. Zijin Gold, this is interesting.
Could be a double whammy for the stock
as well because they also have announced
that they're going to be raising close
to 3 billion Hong Kong dollars from a a
share placement. So, there you go.
You're seeing 5% losses there for Zijin
Gold. But then again, Dave, we're just
talking about the lines that we saw at
IMC Yeah. lately given that new store
opening, you know, how you know, that
gold demand is really what the Morgan
Stanley had talked about just yesterday
after they also looked at the upgrade
for that stock as well. So, certainly
there might be still some the demand
picture still looks pretty good for
Zijin Gold as well. But China Gold ETFs,
we're watching that very closely because
as Suki Cooper from Standard just told
us, right? That was probably one of the
big triggers of why we saw sell down.
The ETF flows there as well. Yeah,
a lot of the big ones are listed in
mainland China on your screens
as well. Now, going the opposite way, so
we're looking at most of that certainly
to the downside right now. The
the offset is coming from the likes of
Pop Mart. Should be coming up on your
screens very very shortly.
We are looking at that should be the
biggest pop right now. There we go. So,
we're up about 5%. We were up slightly
more
in the pre-market. That's after reading
the company reported this 250% revenue
growth. That's for 3Q driven by this
renewed frenzy surrounding its Labubu
lineup. Let's bring in Charlotte Yang,
our Asia equities reporter here with us
to tell us about the results. Let's
start with the numbers here. Yeah, so
it's an absolutely stunning third
quarter. You're looking at the overall
sales grew as much as 250% and I think
this is a clear clear rebuttal yet to
markets earlier concerns over you know,
the potential fading popularity of this
collectible toys. And while we do not
the company does not provide a detailed
breakdown of the results which means
that we don't know for example which IPs
that contributed the most as well as how
the profitability do it does. But what
we do know is that this growth is across
the board in different geography. So,
for example for China which came from a
very high base, the sales still grew
190% year over year. And for overseas
you're having some eye-popping growth
with Americas that rose as much as over
12 1200%.
And so I think in the in for investors
like yesterday we had that 8% sell-off
because people were worried about these
results. So, what this helps is that
right now we have earnings visibility
into the rest of the year because
December quarter is a peak season.
They're going to launch new themed IP
products. So, and also the stock is
trading at 20 times PE. So, I think a
lot of investors going to think what am
I going to do with the stock even though
you know, it has up 180% this year and
it's still the best performing on MSCI
China.
Yes, the numbers are eye-popping for
sure.
But as you mentioned, right? I mean,
we're not sure the breakdown of the IPs
go but I think you it's really just
Labubu that's really kind of leading to
a lot of the growth that you're seeing.
There's not that many other dolls out
there that can replicate the same sort
of numbers that we're seeing when it
comes to Labubu, right? So, do you think
these numbers are sufficient to really
revive more momentum back into the stock
now? I think like you mentioned so far I
think Labubu is still the the most
popular IP. But we're also seeing some
other IP products such as Twinkle
Twinkle making more you know, social
media traffic and all that. But I think
for investors
yes, the numbers are positive but I
think what
going to continue track is what are
those high frequency data looking like.
Because for the secondary market pricing
we are indeed seeing those premium for
example for Labubu
getting smaller. And the company has
explained that was because you know,
we're doing more manufacturing capacity,
we have more supply. So, what really is
going to help investors gauge how much
consumer sentiment interested still is
is more I think based on those high
frequency data.
Yeah, how I think Shirley's call them
today was quite interesting, right? The
fact that they limit supply, they still
keep it very limited
is my is something that she thinks might
deter people actually from really
Chanel-esque. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know.
Fake demand, right? But certainly I
mean, that's one thing to watch very
closely as well. Charlotte, thank you
for bringing us there what's going on
with Pop Mart and certainly Hermes a
pop. Hermes as well. Yeah, that's a
strategy, right? Yeah. But then you
know, she mentioned that you know,
there's just so many
dupes out there, right? Lafufu, Labubus
and the like.
>> what's real? Yes.
In this world. That's everything anyway.
All right, another story that we're
tracking for you out of China now.
China's commerce minister says the
Netherlands has moved to take control of
Chinese-owned chipmaker Nexperia has
seriously affected the stability of the
global supply chain. Wang Wentao spoke
by phone with the Dutch economy minister
a week after the company's seizure under
an emergency Cold War era law. Nexperia
is a subsidiary of China's Wingtech
technology and a key supplier of
automotive and consumer electronics
chips.
Chinese officials have told
representatives from over 170 foreign
companies and business chambers that
Beijing's export curbs are a responsible
act intended to protect world peace and
stability. They're trying to reassure
businesses that new controls are not
meant to restrict normal trade. China
this month outlined tighter controls on
shipments of rare earth and other
critical minerals. Now, New York-based
buyout giant KKR says global investors
with heavy US exposure are steadily
shifting more capital into the
Asia-Pacific. That's as the dollar loses
steam and also the region's fundamentals
continue to shine. Speaking exclusively
to Bloomberg, co-CEO Joseph Bae also
discussed the firm's investment strategy
in China.
Given the current geopolitical climate,
certainly the aperture of what's
investable for us today is a little bit
more narrow than what it was five years
ago or 10 years ago.
Our approach though is we have by
definitely not pulled back from the
China market in terms of our commitment
there.
We just need to be much more tailored in
terms of the sectors and the themes that
we think are investable.
Our focus really is for the last 20
years in China has been focused on
domestic consumption and value-added
services, which we think is a sweet spot
of the Chinese economy actually.
Uh just recently we announced one of the
largest uh control buyouts in China and
the largest domestic branded software
business, a little over $2 billion
transaction. So, if it's in that sweet
spot of domestic consumption, local
champions, we're very, very excited to
invest in China today.
Are you seeing signs of M&A revival? And
what do you think it will take to see a
real reversal in sentiment when it comes
to the in uh the Chinese market?
I think the the biggest catalyst,
positive catalyst for Chinese private
equity, the industry, would be uh a
clearer path to liquidity, to
monetization.
The stock markets need to open up so
investors can exit their positions more
easily.
And the M&A market needs to continue to
expand. It's going to be more probably
sponsor-to-sponsor in the next three to
five years.
The strategic bid from uh international
companies is probably not going to come
back as quickly in China.
But as the Chinese stock market
improves, that path to liquidity, I
think it's going to be critical for
investors. Joe, let's
take a look at some of the macro trends
happening today. We've been talking a
lot of uh about de-dollarization, how
investors are pulling back from the USD.
Do you see that? That That is a debate.
Where do you stand on the issue?
Yeah, it I don't think it's a question
of global investors exiting the US
market by any means.
I think it's more a question of
diversifying their portfolios with that
incremental dollar. Where do you want to
invest it?
I do think it's fair to say that there's
most global investors have a lot of
exposure to the US right now.
And as the US dollar weakens and other
markets like Asia continue to have these
fundamental uh tailwinds in terms of
growth, I think you're going to see
people diversify their portfolios more
and more to Asia over time.
And that makes sense in a multipolar
world, right? As regional economies are
becoming more important, as Asia's
getting more dependent on intra-Asia
trade and growth, I think you're going
to see more and more capital flow to
Asia. It doesn't mean they're pulling
out of the US though. But do you see
that getting momentum then, Joe? I think
it really depends on who you are and
what your portfolio looks like today.
You know, there are clearly some
investors that probably have really very
large exposures to the US, maybe a lot
of tech exposure to the US, and are
looking to diversify.
There are lots of investors in the US
that have very small allocations to Asia
today.
And I think that's going to start
shifting as well with the incremental
dollar of investment. They want
diversification, they want access to the
growth that people are seeing in Asia,
and I think you're going to see more and
more capital flow to this part of the
world.
Yeah, there we go. That was the co-CEO
of KKR, Joseph Bae, with uh our
colleague of course, Haslinda uh Amin,
speaking there exclusively on many of
those topics. If you are one of her
subscribers, you can catch that
interview again, rewatch it on TV Go.
That's our interactive TV function on
the Bloomberg terminal, become part of
the conversation uh by sending us
instant messages in our shows. Please
keep them on topic, of course. Check it
out, TV Go. This is the China show.
[Music]
We have plenty of earnings to tell you
about here this morning. Netflix says a
tax dispute with a Brazil cut into
third-quarter earnings and really
marring results that otherwise fell in
line with Wall Street estimates. The
streaming giant says it would have
beaten forecast if not for a payment to
Brazil's government of more than $600
million, but it doesn't expect that
dispute to have a material impact on
future results. L'Oreal ADRs fell after
disappointing sales growth in the last
quarter as weakness in the US outweighed
signs of improvement in China. Now, a
pickup in demand for high-end beauty
products in mainland China helped lift
sales by 4.2%,
but analysts had expected a gain of
almost 5%. And Adidas ADRs closed higher
in the US after the firm raised its
full-year operating profit forecast. The
brand is seeing strong demand for its
retro sneakers amid its efforts to
mitigate the impact of US tariffs. Its
CEO told Yicai that the brand is
optimistic about the Chinese sports
market. Bjorn Gulden told the paper he
expects the sector to grow at a faster
pace than the country's GDP in the
coming years.
Texas Instruments shares fell in late
trading after it issued a tepid forecast
for the current period amid concerns
that the chip industry's recovery is
slowing. The biggest maker of analog
chips expects revenue of around 4.2 to
4.6 billion dollars in the fourth
quarter. The outlook suggests that
customers are slowing orders as they
navigate mounting trade tensions and a
shaky economy. Yeah, let's stay on the
chips conversation here. Arm's CFO says
that the company is the CPU choice of
choice in major AI projects from Nvidia
to Oracle. Jason Child also told us that
today's AI challenge is actually supply
not demand and
they do expect both failures and winners
to emerge in the AI space.
If you back up Stargate, I think they
said it was going to be something like
$500 of total spend over four years. Um
as of today, we are the CPU of choice.
So, if you think of say Grace Blackwell
or even in the future Vera Rubin, Grace
and Vera, those are both built on Arm
from Nvidia. Uh and then of course to
the extent that, you know, Oracle's also
uh going to be contributing, um that's
certainly another partner that we could
be helping. Uh and then there's Open AI.
Uh and you know, certainly there's I
guess rumors of, you know, custom
efforts by them. Uh and for the most
part, most of the custom efforts, uh
there's been a lot of discussion about
using Arm uh based CPUs uh to pair with
those
uh those custom GPUs. So, so a lot of
opportunity and it could be significant.
The The numbers, I mean, you mentioned
$500 million. The numbers kind of range
from $100 million to $500 million.
Is there a risk that the revenues
realized won't won't match some of those
larger aims and larger aspirations? Um
you know, I
possibly. I I we're not super close to
the total spend in Stargate, but uh if
you look at what the needs and uses are
right now of of AI compute in
particular, uh
supply is far behind demand. Uh and so
at this point I think the challenge is
is really just about can you get the
power, can you get the chips, and can
you get the systems deployed? Um and so,
you know,
with that kind of a demand cycle, um
I expect there's a decent chance that
you'll see us at the high end of that.
So, so on that point about supply
not meeting demand right now. We've seen
these incredible numbers, incredible
deals across the infrastructure space
from the hyperscalers and Open AI and
many others.
On a future, a promised future, but not
fully realized yet, does it does it
concern you? I mean, do you
Are we seeing an AI bubble?
Um
okay, so when I think about bubbles, I
think about I was actually at Amazon
back in '99, 2000 when things were
getting uh frothy, I think they said. Um
what was interesting there is there was
a bunch of buildout, but a lot of that
buildout wasn't really being deployed or
it wasn't being fully utilized. If you
think about all the servers, all the
websites, uh the shipping capacity, etc.
Uh what's different in this cycle is the
problem we have right now is supply not
demand. That was really more of a demand
issue. This is really right now our
challenge is supply. So, I think the
question's going to be um
is there going to be a situation where
you have a bunch of companies that
probably have raised capital and maybe
are pre-revenue? Is there a bunch of
those companies that maybe won't make it
out? So, are they going to be the
pets.com or uh homegrocer or webvan or
whatever?
Sure, that certainly could happen. But
are there also going to be the
equivalents of Amazon, Google, uh eBay,
uh you know, Yahoo, these other
companies that actually were, you know,
quite large in and became, you know,
pretty huge companies. I expect that to
happen as well. So,
how we define bubble and who's the
winners and losers, I think that's all
to be seen.
There we go. Yeah, that was Tom
Mackenzie there speaking with the CFO
CFO of Arm, Jason Child. Right, we have
plenty more on the way. We'll get you
guys an updates uh on this precious
metals route. We're seeing equities are
also falling
largely along the same lines and
reasons. 1.4% on tech, plenty more
ahead.
[Music]
All right, we're focusing on some of
these chip stocks here in the region.
So, we are seeing a bit of profit taking
potentially. It might be due to what
we're seeing with SoftBank, some wobbles
there on that stock in in Tokyo. Also,
when it comes to Texas Instruments, we
just talked about how that disappointing
guidance there. So, that certainly is
leading to some of these chip names to
fall out of bed here this morning. So,
that's one to watch here as well, the AI
trade and the like. There you go, Wah
Hong Semi, for example, is down close to
4% here right now. We're also watching
InnoVen. So, this is, of course, the
biotech company. Shares rising here
after the company said it's going to
receive a $1.2 billion upfront payment.
So, there's this collaboration with
Takeda Pharmaceutical to develop cancer
therapies here. So, we're up 4% for the
stock right now. Okay. Yeah, let's hope
they really succeed as far as that that
that goes. An update to cross the other
positive market, precious metals coming
up on your screens. We are looking at
some of those coming up as well. Some of
the big names, of course, here
and are we looking at that, too? Yeah,
so Shandong Gold, Zijin Mining. Some of
the big winners are obviously feeling
the reversal of gold prices overnight.
Some of the gold ETFs, we'll talk more
about this. A lot of the big ones are,
in fact, listed in mainland China coming
up as well. And, of course, vaccine
stocks in the news coming through early
this week out of CCTV that the flu
season, influenza season, has come
slightly earlier in the southern part of
the country. And, yeah, some of these
are actually continuing to see
some upside
going into that.
>> Yeah, I mean, it's getting cold again
here in Hong Kong. I mean, I say cold,
relatively speaking, it's cooled down a
bit, but I'll take it. Yeah. Right? But,
yes, that does lead to maybe flu season
is underway. Um, let's talk a little
more about EVs, cuz certainly we we
continue to watch the price competition
and the war the price wars there.
Um, obviously, we've been talking a
little bit more about, you know, just
how competitive things have been in the
auto sector there in China. Domestic
firms, though, are continuing to bet on
innovative vehicles to capture market
share. Let's bring our Asia Global
Business Managing Editor Rachel Chang.
She joins us now with the details. So,
despite what we're seeing, everyone's
talking about consolidation, you're
starting to see some very niche sort of
car names and brands emerge here.
What is this telling us about the
industry overall, Rachel?
Yeah, this is really interesting
because, you know, we do know that this
industry is really oversaturated.
There's over 130 EV car brands right now
in China, the world's biggest car
market. But, still, we see newcomers
coming in all the time, you know,
thinking that they're going to be able
to offer consumers something that's not
already there. You know, for example,
we've got a dream and Rocks, you know,
two new EV companies that actually
started from being robot vacuum makers.
And, what's interesting, of course, is
that Dyson, the very famous vacuum
maker, tried to make a car for a long
time, but failed. But, in China, you
know, it's all possible. So, you know,
they're launching new cars. We've got
lots of new players as well that are
aiming for maybe the ultra luxury niche,
for example, offering cars that are have
inbuilt kitchens that can, you know,
just open up and you can live in that
car. Or, we're seeing also car brands
coming in and trying to really dominate
or try to challenge BYD
in that mass market space for really,
really affordable cars, cars that would
go for much less than they would go for
in Western markets. So, it's still a
really competitive space. And, I think
the question is, you know, who's really
going to survive? You know, we have
analysts saying only 15 brands out of
that 130 will survive in the long term.
But, clearly, a lot of companies still
feel like they've got a shot.
Yeah, and they are, Rachel. They're
they're taking it. And, I wonder, is
there any early indication right now
that,
you know, some of these niche categories
don't eventually fall into the trend
we've seen across most sectors or most
price points. It's really cutthroat
competition.
Mhm. No, I mean, I think the competition
is happening everywhere. What we see in
China is that there's just still so much
excitement around EVs. And, there's just
so much investment, so much money
looking for companies to to plow into,
right? You know, a lot of these
companies are coming in because they've
had huge, you know, investments from
other parties, you know, sometimes state
governments. And, they just all want to
take that shot, you know, I guess,
because EVs is, you know, for China,
anyway, just one of their most
successful overseas technological
exports. And, everybody wants a bite of
that apple. But, ultimately, you know,
most the vast majority of these brands
will, in 10 years' time, no longer
exist. And, there'll be a lot of money
that's that's gone into that doesn't go
anywhere.
Mhm.
All right, Rachel. Thank you so much.
Rachel Chang there, of course, on this
latest Yeah, who doesn't want a little
living kitchen in their car?
>> In your car, right?
>> even like a little RV with a mattress in
the back.
It's it's such a weird concept that
they've taken the fossil fuels out of
the actual engine and literally put them
in the car
uh in the form of that mini kitchen.
>> just the way of how they're changing the
whole industry, right? It's not just
about, you know, these vehicles are a
means of transport anymore. It's a whole
lifestyle Yeah. sort of thing. So, maybe
that's why there is that value up there
still right now in the face of all this
competition. But, yeah. Yeah. You got to
stand out somehow. You do. You do.
You need a kitchen certainly when you do
a massive road trip, right? You know,
you don't in the middle of nowhere,
right? Yeah. Just okay. Anyway, you get
you need your protein when you need it.
Okay,
a a check of these markets very quickly.
We have a trading debut today. Fibocom
is coming up shortly on your screens, 5%
to the downside.
Um, Fibocom Wireless. Now, on this note,
we'll talk more in the next hour of the
China show. Certainly, this this other
big listing on shore, which we'll get to
a bit later on in the Asia market.
Talking chips, it's quite a substantial
in terms of scale. More on that, plus,
of course, we'll continue the
conversation around gold and around what
we're seeing there. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. Yeah, it's cooling down
temperatures here when it comes to the
weather, but, yeah, we're seeing a
little bit of cooling there when it
comes to these equity markets as well.
Hang Seng is down 6/10 of 1%. The gold
space certainly has been kind of what
we've been seeing as might be the the
drag in terms of what we're seeing in
terms of miners and and what we're
seeing the gold price there, that five
standard deviation move in the gold
price overnight certainly is maybe
indicative of what could happen to risk
assets, right? That's the key question,
right? Does this happen just the
precious metal space in a vacuum or does
it spill over to other risk assets here
right now, Dave? Given that we are
seeing these correlations with with the
dollar, with stocks, with with
everything else. Seems to be everything
going up. Does everything also come
down, too, Dave? Yeah, we are seeing it
somewhat. It isn't as strong as the gold
price move itself. And, I think when you
look at and it's I'll use the old, you
know, the cooling analogy there because,
you know, across asset classes, precious
metals really were over, you know, the
most overheated asset class when you
look at momentum, right? This is a 14
14-day RSI. Yes, it's a daily chart.
Yeah, 14-day RSI of spot gold, right?
So, I'm going to use the endurance sport
analogy here. We've been, you know, move
you know, we've been trading above
threshold pace
for about 2 months now. So, gold, when
you look at this specific metric, was
actually above the 14-day RSI of 70
for two entire months.
And, context is key here, right? Because
when you look at the price drop that
we're seeing the last 24 hours, it's in
fact flip the page, please. We are
seeing an extension of that. We're
simply back to levels
of last week. It's not as if we've taken
out an entire stance because it would
take a lot of that really to the
downside. So, we're looking at some of
the spot prices, as you can see,
extending that. We're coming off lows of
the day is also worth pointing out. We
are getting a catch-down trade when you
look at some of the ETFs traded here in
the Asia-Pacific, everything from some
of the names in Australia, some of the
big
names, specific stock names tied to
the gold price. Malabar Gold, Shandong
Gold Mining, of course, this one, of
course, also has a cash call today,
which might be exacerbating the move
even further.
Some of the big gold ETFs, of course,
trading. This is the biggest one in
terms of assets across the Asia-Pacific.
Japan Physical Gold ETF is also in the
top five. Now, the question I think that
Yvonne was posing there is, you know, is
this
breaking of momentum which we saw in the
equity complex overnight as far as the
biggest factor moves? Momentum, as you
can see, clearly going against the
grain.
Is this a warning sign for other asset
classes or is this simply still
a precious metal space because of some
of the conditions we just outlined for
you there?
I mentioned we are seeing it somewhat
today.
Some of the common denominators, of
course, that apart from
obviously being momentum, some of these
big tech plays have done very well. So,
there is some temptation to take a lot
of money off the table. So, we talked
about gold. And, you know, the big
decliners as far as sector groups go in
the Asia-Pacific complex, materials,
that's obviously tied to gold, but IT
and tech are also seeing some heavy
pressure today, Yvonne. Yeah, the MLIV
Blog is talking a lot about this. And, I
I want to kind of talk a little bit more
about what Michael Ball is writing
about, macro strategist based in New
York. And, and, you know, when
everything is going up, Dave, when you
have stocks, bonds, gold, dollar moving
all in tandem, what does that tell you
about, you know, the playbook now? It
seems like the traditional ways of
looking at investing have really changed
into some new market regime when it
seems like, he says, AI trade, it seems
like volatility, it seems like liquidity
matter more to this market now than
actual macro fundamentals. That
certainly is the case that we're seeing
here today. We spoke to Standard
Chartered Fidelity in just the last hour
or so, just really about these big
market moves that we're seeing in gold.
And, this is what we heard this morning.
So, we think the crucial factor here is
really around ETF demand, ETP holdings.
On a on a global basis, holdings are now
have reached 3,900.
At its peak, holdings were 3,900
and 3,920.
So, we're very, very close to that
all-time high in tonnage levels, and
that peak was set in October 2020.
There's been other factors as well that
have been driving this exponential
increase in gold the past few weeks.
It's been the shutdown, and it's also
been, you know, the geopolitics between
US and China. Some of these now seem to
be getting a little bit better. The news
flow that we're seeing has been a little
bit better, and as a result, it makes
sense for gold to consolidate somewhat.
Um but I personally would think of this
as an opportunity to buy once we see
some stabilization there.
Joining us now is Bart Melek, global
head of commodity strategy at TD
Securities. He joins us from Toronto
this evening. Bart, thanks for staying
late with us. Bart, you know, given what
we saw in the moves, uh we're quite
eye-popping. I'm just wondering
what do you think was really the trigger
overnight?
Well, I think there's a lot to be said
about profit taking and momentum just
basically slowing down here.
Uh we've seen you've showed a chart of
the our RSI measures. You know, they
were well well over 80, well above the
the 70 mark for, you know, for quite a
few months. I think this market was
getting a little stretched here.
Uh for example, in in terms of the
200-day average, at one point we were
trading 35% above the 200-day average.
Usually, that doesn't keep up
indefinitely. There's usually a decent,
you know, 10 to 15% correction when that
happens. And at the same time, when you
know, we followed the CTA market quite
quite closely, and we've seen a quite
large reduction from as much as 70% of
maximum exposure to now 20% on on CTAs.
That means the momentum for the trend
followers has dried up. We've seen more
volatility. These These algos are also
very much VAR targeting. As volatility
moved for a while to the upside, I think
a lot of them had to sell because they
were adjusting VAR. And you know, let's
not dismiss just plain old profit taking
by proprietary traders or discretionary
traders, if you like, who for much of
the year were simply not in this trade
and missed out. They got in,
they made some money, and you know, and
and I'm not so sure that the story of
very aggressive Fed cuts is going to
continue, you know,
into next month, for example.
Bart Bart David here, just to continue
the that thought on on momentum, if you
could. So,
very short-term, when the next 5% move
on gold, do you think that's going to be
up or down?
I I I think we have strong support
around 4,000 or so, 4050, 40 4100.
You know, we can break through
temporarily,
but I I think we're going to have to
test the 4,000, see if we consolidate
there, if the big macro fundamentals are
there, if central banks continue to buy.
So far, they are well on track to buy
well over 1,000 tons as they have been
buying since 2022. I think gold
fundamentally looks very good. This
whole debasement trade is still very
much on.
US continues to run massive deficits on
top of a massive debt of, you know,
north of 37 trillion dollars, and we
have
a very strong possibility that come May
2026, we're going to have
a dove in the chair's office, and on
FOMC, that's not going to be too shy to
target maximum employment mandate as
opposed to um
you know, the 2% inflation target. So,
real rates likely will will will drop,
particularly on the short end of the
curve into negative territory. And we
have seen, you know, pre pre-times when
Mr. Volcker
was still unsure how to destroy
inflation. When those real rates on the
short end of the curve go steeply down,
gold tends to do well because it is,
after all, a very good inflation hedge
because it's a real asset that requires
labor and real capital to produce.
And should I expect the likes of silver,
palladium, the like? I mean, are they
going to just going to follow what we're
seeing in gold? Or or are there nuances
in some of these precious metals, too,
Bart? Oh, absolutely. You know,
particularly silver silver is quite
nuanced. One of my colleagues, we put a
short position
you know, just before the peak. And and
that one is very much driven by the fact
that a lot of metal in the hundreds of
millions of ounces went from the LBMA
system into the CME system in the United
States ahead of the tariffs. And now
that material is coming back and
loosening that that squeeze in in the
LME.
And now, of course, you know, we're
we're we're seeing the Indian demand
because of the Diwali, you know, ease up
a little bit. So, all those factors, I
think were working in tandem to get that
correction going. But by no means do I
think the precious metals bull market is
over. I think we're going to consolidate
and and as we should. No market ever
goes up continuously in a straight
uninterrupted path.
So Bart, in a in a nutshell, what would
the advice be in terms of exposure? Is
this a buying opportunity? And in terms
of what drives your price projections
forward,
where are those flows going to come
from?
Sure. You know, we're we're looking at
for for gold
in the first half of next year, 4,400
average quarterly price. And and you
know, and that's important to to
distinguish peak price versus quarterly
because you can easily assume two,
three, 350
volatility. So, we could easily see
4,700
gold within the next 6 months. And
what's going to drive it? I think very
dovish Federal Reserve policy relative
to where US inflation is. And continued
massive acquisition
you know, increase of of debt. You know,
part of the reason the US economy is
doing so well is because the US debt is
growing massively and there is fiscal
stimulus.
Um
So, that's probably going to be
unchanged. And we are facing problems on
the labor front in the United States.
There are inflationary pressures because
of tariffs. You know, they might not be
6, 7%, but certainly they will keep
inflation well over 3%. And that means
when the Fed eases, we're going to be in
negative rate territory. And if we
partake into some sort of QE program,
you know, some sort of operation twist
where we take, you know, twos, threes,
10s artificially lower and move those
real yields down,
I wouldn't be surprised to see this bull
run continuing. But for now, I think
we're just consolidating the gains and
and and and testing support levels.
Bart, thank you so much for staying up.
We appreciate it, and let's speak again,
sir. Bart Melek, their global head of
commodity strategy at TD Securities.
Coming up here on the show, we'll pivot
back to geopolitics,
and we'll be speaking with Eurasia
Group's Dan Wang on this potential
Trump-Xi meeting next week and her
expectations for the current ongoing
exercise, the fourth plenum.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Right now, as of November 1st, uh China
will have about 155%
tariff put on it.
And
I don't think it's sustainable for them,
so I want to
I want to be nice to China, but China's
been very rough with us over the years.
[Music]
President Trump there talking about a
potential trade deal with China after
casting doubt on whether he'll meet
later this month with President Xi
Jinping. Let's bring in Dan Wang now,
China director at Eurasia Group, who
joins us from Singapore. Dan, I
understand you just came back from a
trip to Beijing.
What were conversations like there? Is
there any indication that this meeting's
going to happen next week?
So, it sounds like the meeting is highly
likely to happen. The signal I pick up
in China meeting with the regulators are
quite positive, and China has been
making efforts to make sure top-level
meetings will happen ahead of the
Trump-Xi meeting of the Trump-Xi
meeting. And it's uh
confirmed that he's Chinese counterparts
in ASEAN Summit. And the recent rounds
of tit-for-tat
escalation doesn't sound like anything
beyond a negotiation tactic. So, I
believe that China at this point has
invested heavily in Trump, so they would
make sure that the meeting will happen
unless something drastic have derailed
it.
And
what is your understanding of what
uh what the points of agreements already
are. In other words, what's what's
what's what's largely been agreed on,
and what, you know, what else is on the
table?
Uh at this point, it's still because
it's not officially confirmed, so there
are a lot of speculations. But based on
piece meal information, it just seems
like everything is on the table. We have
been hearing about talks over fentanyl,
over soybean, over China's commitment to
investing in the US, and also over the
expedite approval for the rare earth
export. Um so overall, it just sounds
like the sentiment is quite tense, but
towards a more positive result possibly.
And we still believe a transactional
deal is very likely to happen early next
year. It doesn't mean the end of the
trade war, but at least it's a
milestone.
Yeah,
tell us a little more about the rare
earth side of things because I I think
there had it led to a lot of I guess
confusion
not just in the US but even you know
Europe and the rest of the world about
you know what China is doing in terms of
using this leverage in this whole trade
battle and war.
Do you think that there really is going
to be any sort of breakthrough when it
comes to you know the the export curbs
around these critical minerals now?
I don't think breakthrough is likely
because China has figured out how
effective this rare earth export export
control is and could be in the future
trade talks. So the mechanism is in
place and China is perfecting it
throughout the last year. And what is
quite obvious now is that the US will
use more
pressure on when it comes to the tech
export. So for China uh there is enough
intention to of course expedite the
the approval of the rare earth
to the US, but it's going to be a very
difficult negotiation overall.
So what is you mentioned that the some
things will continue at well beyond well
beyond this meeting. So just to just a
last point on rare earth if if it's if
it's okay.
Do you should businesses get used to
this new reality is is what I'm trying
to get to.
Um
I think the world is not ready to have
China on the other side of the aisle
actually having this monopolistic power
over a critical resource.
And for China to be so effective
actually surprised both the Europeans
and Americans. Um most of the companies
and countries they're more worried
actually about growing dependence on
China rather than the disruption on the
actual production. So their fight back
on this battle would also be quite
intensified and judging by what's going
on in Europe especially with the Dutch
company, then we can see actually more
likely similar things can happen in the
future.
Okay, well
you know whether countries are ready for
China to be on the other side of the
aisle or not
do they need to get used to it? I think
it to your point right the pushback
might be something we are
underestimating. Do you think then we
will meet somewhere in the middle as far
as this is concerned in the
some of the policies and restrictions
around critical minerals? Is there a
diluted version effectively of what's on
the table right now you see?
Uh I don't think there is a point in the
middle. We are effectively in a cold war
equivalent scenario without trade
decoupling. So no neither side can
afford to appear weak when it comes to
this kind of negotiation. So for China
rare earth is the most effective tool
and if anything they could have extended
this tool to other areas of the economy.
For example semiconductor, China rely on
the US for the cutting edge a top level
of semiconductor, but China dominate on
40 nanometers
semiconductor that's using cars. So if
it's approval it's proved not to be
effective just use rare earth, China
could
leverage on its other supply chains in
order to gain more negotiation power.
I was I was going to ask you about
Taiwan because that seems to be an
emerging issue that might be discussed
next week if this meeting goes through
Dan.
It's interesting that Beijing from what
we're hearing is is wants the US to
change their stance when it comes to
Taiwan.
How do you think the US might respond to
this? And if it does change its stance
you know is it just a matter of
semantics or do you think it would
actually have global implications?
Uh if somehow Taiwan issue becomes part
of the negotiation, it will change the
entire landscape of the trade talk and
also the trade supply chain because it's
not just about semiconductor, it's also
about how China would view the rest of
the world. And we do not believe that
Taiwan risk is as high as what a lot of
people have thought, but the possibility
of a blockade or other kind of
countermeasure from China is possible if
the US appear more assertive on the
Taiwan issue. Trump is China's best hope
actually to get to be on the negotiation
table and be friendly to China because
our understanding is basically it's
bipartisan to contain China especially
the Taiwan issue. Whoever comes after
Trump will be much harsher on China
regarding Taiwan.
Interesting viewpoint. The if I could
ask you to remove the geopolitical hat
for a moment, put back your
your economist hat if you could for us.
What's the content where do you think
the economy how do you think the economy
is doing given all the numbers that
we've seen recently and how does that
inform me of what the potentially what
we could hear on consumption out of the
fourth plenum?
Well
we have all seen the figures for the
first three quarters the GDP
the manufacturing investment the export
it's surprise on the upside. I wouldn't
go so far as to say these are fake data,
but as indicators they have lost all
meaning for guiding business decisions.
So it's more important to actually study
cases in different areas of the economy
and besides the emerging industries the
strategic industries there also other
positive opportunities in China. For
example we all know the rise of high-end
retailers in smaller cities like
Pinduoduo lights perfect example and the
thriving stand-up a stand-up comedy
comedy show industries in China and the
famous soccer tour in Jiangsu. So it's
cases like that that actually is more
indicating more telling about what is
going on as a quiet transformation. But
when it comes to housing or consumption
stimulus or bailout there's very little
indication. I do not believe the
government could or have the willingness
to in fact put on more stimulus in those
fronts.
Dan Wang thank you so much
for all the insights there. China
director at Eurasia Group joining us out
of Singapore this morning.
If you can if you're one of those
subscribers and you want to rewatch that
interview and the many sort of
conversation insights there coming
through in the last few minutes or so TV
go run that on your Bloomberg terminal
you can scroll back and we touched on
many of the key issues that investors
are trying to understand
better as we head into the crucial
meeting next week. Check it out TV go.
This is the China show.
[Music]
Some earnings news to tell you about
this morning. Netflix says a tax dispute
with Brazil cut into its third quarter
earnings and while results that
otherwise fell in line with Wall Street
estimates. The streaming giant says it
would have beaten forecast if not for
that payment to Brazil's government of
more than $600 million, but it doesn't
expect that dispute to have a material
impact on future results. L'Oreal ADRs
fell after disappointing sales growth in
the last quarter as weakness in the US
outweighed signs of improvement in
China. A pick up in demand for high-end
beauty products in mainland China helped
lift sales by 4.2% but analysts had
expected a gain of almost 5%.
Adidas ADRs closed higher in the US
after the firm raised its full year
operating profit forecast. The brand is
seeing strong demand for its retro
sneakers amid its efforts to mitigate
the impact of US tariffs. Its CEO told
Yicai that the brand is optimistic about
the Chinese sports market. Bjørn Gulden
told the paper he expects the sector to
grow at a faster pace than the country's
GDP in the coming years.
And Texas Instruments shares fell in
late trading after it issued a tepid
forecast for the current period adding
to concerns of the chip industry's
recovery is slowing. The biggest maker
of analog chips expects revenue of
around 4.2 to 4.6 billion dollars in the
fourth quarter. The outlook suggests
that customers are slowing orders as
they navigate mounting trade tensions
and shaky economy. Okay, let's start
things off with chips as we talk about
Texas Instruments there. So that's
really one group of stocks that's seen
substantial pressure right now and of
course within that
you're looking at the likes of SoftBank
which should be coming up if not already
on your screen. Do we have SoftBank
there?
Uh no we don't. Okay, anyway coming up
there we go. Thank you so much. Down
about 5.3% so that's really a profit
taking story
apart from other things at work. We'll
talk more about the Japan story in a
moment.
CXMT
Reuters reporting
uh this massive listing in Shanghai 40
plus billion dollar valuation could
raise 40 billion. We'll end on golds and
we look at these other things as well.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> 29 a.m. in Tokyo, Japanese markets are
going to break in just a moment and
right now we are seeing a bit of red
when it comes to the Nikkei 225 were
just marginally lower by about half of
1%. Topics is doing a little bit better
here this morning, but we are seeing
some strength in the currency at 151
levels here right now. Obviously, we've
been really counting down looking a
little bit more into Sanae Takaichi
becoming of course the first female
prime minister of Japan and and securing
a parliamentary vote after weeks of
negotiations with opposition parties to
form a coalition. The Asia our Asia
trade co-anchor Sherylynn takes a closer
look at Japan's new leader and the
challenges ahead.
Elected as head of the ruling Liberal
Democratic Party in early October, Sanae
Takaichi was a protege of the late Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe.
Seen as politically right-wing, a
supporter of fiscal stimulus and a
foreign policy hawk, she has touted
conservative values on issues such as
women's rights.
Offstage, she's known to play the drums
and for being a fan of heavy metal music
and Margaret Thatcher.
Her LDP leadership got off to a rocky
start after coalition partner Komeito
quit the 26-year alliance forcing
Takaichi to strike a deal with the Japan
Innovation Party, the third largest
block in the lower house.
Even with this new coalition, challenges
loom.
Takaichi must reunite the party and
re-engage with voters flocking to
smaller populist groups.
Japan is also grappling with rising
costs of living and challenges with its
migrant population. There is a a concern
over the Japanese people with the too
much
um concentration of the foreign people
in certain areas.
Markets are embracing the so-called
Takaichi trade pricing in larger fiscal
deficits and heavier JGB issuance.
Takaichi is expected to meet with
President Trump in the coming days and
attend both the APEC and ASEAN summits
in Asia. As she steps onto the world
stage while also facing daunting
domestic challenges, the focus will be
on how she handles the pressure.
Sherylynn Bloomberg, Tokyo.
And let's get more on Japan's new prime
minister and how the government there is
currently taking shape as uh some of the
top positions are um have started to get
filled. Let's bring in our economy and
government editor Paul Jackson joining
us out of Tokyo this morning. Paul, good
morning. So talk to us about the what we
know about the new cabinet. Um any names
stand out to you?
Uh yeah, well, I think we have a cabinet
here that's aimed at helping unify the
party by bringing in some of the other
contenders for the LDP leadership uh
into the fold, gives them roles in the
new administration. I think we're also
seeing uh
cabinet members uh namely uh Satsuki
Katayama, the new finance minister,
Minoru Kiuchi, who's the growth strategy
uh minister. Uh these are people who are
in favor of active fiscal uh policy. So
this is in very much in line with what
we were expecting from uh
Takaichi. It's going to be a government
that's going to be not shy about
spending in order to achieve growth. Uh
they will be hammering out the line that
they will be responsible with the active
fiscal policy and they'll be trying to
focus attention on Japan's net debt
ratio to GDP as their kind of metric of
how fiscally responsible they're going
to be. It's an interesting pairing those
two because
they have some history back in the past
competing for the same constituency with
both of them with one win each. So could
say there's a bit of bad blood between
them, but they seem to have buried the
hatchet. Uh in terms of other
uh cabinet posts,
we've seen Toshimitsu Motegi become
foreign minister and Ryosei Akazawa as
trade minister. So we've got a bit of
continuity from the Ishiba
administration there with Akazawa. He
was the point man on trade negotiations.
So keeping him in the fold kind of makes
sense and now he's become trade minister
after
kind of effectively being the trade
minister previously. Um Motegi is a kind
of veteran. He's been in all the major
posts in the cabinet pretty much and he
was also involved in negotiations with
Trump in the first administration. So
that's pretty handy because of course we
have Donald Trump visiting Japan
soon. So we want people who know him and
have dealt with him before
helping in handling that visit going
forward.
Yeah, our economist from Bloomberg
Economics Taro Kimura was talking a
little bit more about you know, the the
room for fiscal policy in this new
government and his headline for his
latest reaction piece is about the fear
of a trust moment means fiscal cap. Can
you tell us a little bit more about you
know, how much room there is for for
fiscal policy and and are these kind of
fears of a Liz Truss sort of moment? How
how is that being you know, what's the
reaction in in in in Tokyo for example
on that?
Yeah, I mean I think this government is
trying to make out they're going to be
responsible this this term. Responsible
kind of fiscal policy is something that
Katayama and Takaichi came up with
together. And
I think that's what they're going to be
trying to push forward. They're not
going to do anything totally radical.
Now if you talk about the Truss moment
in the UK, I mean the kind of percentage
of GDP suddenly spent on spending that
Liz Truss did that totally spooked
markets, that would be equivalent to say
scrapping the sales tax entirely. Now at
the moment the most ambitious plan that
they've got would be to reduce for 2
years the sales tax on food only. So
that's something around about 4.8
trillion yen's worth. This is not on on
the same level as
Liz Truss. So at the moment I don't
think we're anywhere near a Truss
moment, but of course you know, the
devil's in the detail and we will have
an economic package coming up.
Takaichi's already asked for that and so
when we start to see the real numbers
coming out then we'll know whether we're
in that territory or not, but I feel it
will be a little bit more scaled back
than that.
Paul, thank you. Paul Jackson there at
Japan Economy and Government Editor
joining us out of Tokyo. We're talking a
little bit more about KKR now and that
interview that we just brought to you.
Well, when it comes to the buyout giant,
I mean they are ramping up in Japan
deploying capital at five times the pace
of a decade ago. Tokyo is now the firm's
most active investment destination
outside the US and its largest Asian
market. Speaking exclusively to
Bloomberg, the co-CEO Joseph Bae
discussed their investment strategy in
Japan and their expectations for the new
prime minister.
I think the key in Japan is really the
continuity of the policy.
Really starting with Abe, right? We've
had a number of prime ministers since
then. But each of these successive prime
ministers has continued and expanded the
reform agenda here in Japan.
And our hope and expectation is this new
prime minister will be committed to that
same reform path.
If that happens, I think the future is
very very bright for Japan. What's the
plan then, Joe? What's the plan for
Japan? What is the strategy? How do you
grow your foothold in that important
market for you?
Well, there are there's an evolving
marketplace here, right? So traditional
private equity focused on corporate
carve-outs will be our bread and butter.
We're seeing more and more activity
there.
You're seeing more secondary
transactions, more public to private. So
I think that speaks to how the private
equity industry is maturing here.
And beyond that, it's the emergence of
new asset classes. So infrastructure
investing in Japan is starting to pick
up. The need for data centers and
digital infrastructure is a really
attractive theme.
Energy in Japan is a critical uh issue
for the Japanese economy. That's going
to take a lot of capital and a lot of
private capital to support that.
You're also starting to see the
emergence of private credit in this
marketplace
to partner and complement what the
Japanese banks are doing.
It's going to provide more risk capital
and more sources of capital to Japanese
companies and entrepreneurs. So there
are a lot of different ways to scale our
platform here in the market. And most
recently, it's around insurance.
We have a very large insurance platform
called Global Atlantic.
We are partnering with Japanese
insurance companies to bring them
solutions for their policyholders. You
talked about private credit, private
equity, you talked about infrastructure.
India comes to mind as well. This is one
market that has enormous potential. How
are you looking at the Indian market?
They say that it is coming of age right
now. Yeah, India is an amazing country
to invest in. After Japan, India is our
second largest destination of investment
in Asia.
It's underpinned I think but by what
everybody knows, 1.4 billion people,
an incredible demographic story, an
incredible consumption story,
and you start layering on top of that
more recently a manufacturing industry
that's starting to blossom as well. And
what's the plan for infrastructure in
India in particular? We know that this
is a growing business for you. In fact,
if you take a look at the numbers, it's
grown from 13 billion in 2018 to 60
billion right now and your Asia
Infrastructure Fund has been looking to
deploy capital and India could be the
biggest beneficiary.
Shed some light on the plan there.
Sure. I I India for us is a big
destination for both private equity
investments as well as infrastructure
investments.
Our Asian private equity fund and our
Asian infrastructure fund are the two
largest vehicles in their asset classes
in the region today.
And India is a core destination. So
already today in India we've invested
behind toll roads, transmission grids,
renewable energy, and digital
infrastructure. So I think we're just
getting started, but it's going to be
one of the largest destinations for
infrastructure capital going forward.
KKR co-CEO Joseph Bae there speaking
exclusively with Hans there. Uh,
certainly we're watching currencies and
looks like we are seeing a bit of
strength when it comes to the likes of
the yen here this morning. So dollar's
taking a bit of a backseat here, but
Aussie yen, that's kind of the risk
barometer here. We are seeing some
declines on that pair. And yes, we are
seeing some wobbles in the equity market
here in greater China this morning. Hang
Seng down half of 1%. Shanghai Composite
also down by about six points here this
morning. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
To you live pictures right now where
Japan's new foreign minister Toshimitsu
Motegi is holding his first press
briefing since taking office just
yesterday. And what we're hearing so far
from the new foreign minister, he's
talking about security environment is
increasingly complex. Also talking a bit
more about the concerning trends towards
Russia and North Korea ties. So that
certainly is what the latest from the
new foreign minister Motegi, as we just
talked about here, was part of course of
the the negotiating team for the country
during Trump's first presidency. So you
know, his experience when it comes to
trade and the like is certainly going to
be in very high demand when President
Trump does visit Japan next week. So I
think you know, now that his cabinet
that has been formed, I think that
really kind of shifts the focus for
Takayuki here to really focus on global
affairs versus really domestically now
that the cabinet is up and running.
Yeah, I mean well, he's talking about
how what, you know, the complications
happening outside
uh, you know, the what the concerning
trends as as he puts it will basically
take these this alliance between the US
and Japan a step further. Now, earlier
on, unrelated to what you're seeing on
your screens, the chief cabinet
secretary has now put out some dates for
that visit of Donald Trump that they are
planning for President Trump to visit
Japan
on October 27th to 29th. So that's in
about 7 days from today. And of course,
that that then takes us into
uh, the rest of the meetings across
APEC. But yes, it's going to be a very
jam-packed schedule on on the
geopolitical front next week. Yeah, so
you're saying they're going to take the
US-Japan alliance a step further.
They're going to strengthen this network
with India, Australia as well as Europe.
You take a look at what it comes to gold
prices, you know, certainly that the
geopolitics might be a reason as the
trigger of why we saw such a massive
sell-off and why we're continuing that
here today. So certainly we're still
watching of course spot prices here this
morning. It looks like as we've been
talking to our guest, 4,000 might be
that sort of sort of support level for
gold prices here right now as the
sell-off stabilized a little bit, but
we're still looking at the other
precious metals as well like silver,
too. Yeah, because everything got sold
off and really dumped out the window
yesterday. I think we in silver
specifically we are seeing
somewhat of a stronger bounce coming off
lows relatively speaking of course where
you are on gold. But as you can see over
a two-day look,
we were not even close to reversing all
of the losses that we had. We are still
trading though below the 50 handle on
silver spot. Uh, it wasn't too long ago,
quite quite literally just a few days
ago we were trading north of 5250 on on
the likes of silver. Also coming off
lows, just to tell you about this, an an
update of equity markets is the Hang
Seng Tech Index gap lower and then we've
started to come across the lows of the
day as far as the Hang Seng Tech Index
goes. I'm just looking at my screens
right now. Let me just bring up some of
the press in terms of what we're seeing
here on Hang Seng Tech Index. We're
looking at, just give me a second while
this loads.
20 down,
uh, 10 up, zero unchanged. In terms of
market breadth, we're looking at the
likes of Kingsoft, Hua Hong Semi,
NetEase, some of the big decliners to
the downside, but the offsets are now
coming in the form of some of the big EV
plays like Nio, for example.
Hires up about 1%. Meituan, which by the
way got a downgrade earlier on, is
trading steady. And of course, Horizon
Robotics and SMIC, too, uh, to the
upside here today. Yeah, and let's talk
a little more about just another line
that just came through in your terminal
here. Another scoop from our team at the
ECM
team. Bloomberg has learned that
Innorna, a Chinese developer of mRNA
drugs, plans to list in Hong Kong. For
more details, let's bring in Manuel
Balderas, who leads our Asia-Pacific
deals coverage. Yeah, it's tough to to
to pronounce that one, Innorna. But it
seems like we see you every day here,
Manuel, on the show. Tell us a little
more about what we know so far. It's a
It's a good pleasure to be back, Yvonne
and David. Uh, it's another biotech
company.
There's been a rush of
healthcare IPOs
coming to market, which is very
exciting. It's not at the level that we
saw, remember, like 7 8 years ago,
where like, you know, we saw like
biotech IPO almost every week. It was
crazy, right? Those Those days are gone.
But it but it's really positive to see
the momentum building in the sector
again, and we're seeing more and more
new companies looking for IPOs. Some of
them will materialize before year end,
and others into next year.
Innorna is the latest that we just
reported this morning.
Interesting, too, because they have some
backers like CDH Investments. So so
they've done some proper fundraising
rounds in in in the past. So they're
looking for some liquidity event in
there.
Now, just to look at the onshore
markets,
some reporting today
about this very big chip company, uh,
CXMT, Shanghai listing.
Yes, David, which is
quite surprising, too, because we have
rarely seen any
onshore IPOs.
So it'll be interesting to see how this
one pans out. It's been in the making
for a while. Um, so it sounds like they
are getting everything ready, regulatory
approvals,
all the steps are required in order to
be listed.
Now, these things usually take a long
time.
Potentially others may also tag along
and explore similar situations.
But this one, I agree with you, this one
will be
very big and in a sector which is very
sensitive and and very hot these days.
So it remains to be seen.
I would characterize this as work in
progress for now. Yeah, okay. Manuel,
thank you so much. For ECM bankers, the
more you see Manuel, the bigger your
bonus likely will be. That means things
are busy.
>> The more busier you're going to get,
basically, yeah. Well, it depends on
your face, of course.
Also,
yeah, consider competition as it
pertains to that. Of course, Manuel
there who leads our Asia-Pacific deals
coverage. And that one we just talked
about there, Reuters of course reporting
that chipmaker CXMT Shanghai listing, 42
billion US dollar valuation. But one,
and back here to Hong Kong, one name
that is debuting today, not the best
one. We're down about 8% on Fibocom
Wireless is the trading almost on a
daily basis, a new one that we talk
about here. Plenty more ahead. This is
the China show.
Thank you.
[Music]
Right, gold's been a big story that
takes us directly in the FX space. So
you have the rand, and of course here in
Asia-Pacific, it's the baht. That spike
you see on your screens was the gold
weakness, and since that point in time
we've seen of course some strength
coming through. Dollar weakness is the
other side of that, of course, going
into
today. Uh, we're also getting some of
the minutes coming through out of the
Bank of Thailand uh, meeting. And yet,
it's being the
ready to adjust policy as needed,
reverse course.
And yeah, that takes us then into
another central bank decision that is
set to come out later today out of
Southeast Asia.
>> Yeah, Bank Indonesia, right? And
obviously the last meeting was a bit of
a surprise when it came to that cut. So
are they likely to see another cut? That
seems to be what economists are
expecting here this time around. So I
don't know if 37 27 are saying that we
could be seeing that cut here today.
Let's bring in our Bloomberg deputy
Indonesia bureau chief, Claire Yeo,
joining us out of Jakarta. So cut's
expected here. What else should we look
out for today?
That's right. We're expecting a cut this
month. Recall that in the last two or
three months, Bank Indonesia has
surprised the market, preferring to cut
instead of hold despite the rupiah's
relative weakness. So what we should
expect to see is more of government
Governor Perry Warjiyo's all-out
pro-growth stance that he signaled last
month. And a lot of this really roots on
the government's concern about where
Southeast Asia's largest economy is
going. The economy already has weak
consumption. It's been hit with job
layoffs. And then it's also contending
with the impacts of this global trade
war. And what we're seeing is policy
makers have this all-hands-on-deck
approach. Other than Bank Indonesia
signaling more easing, we're also seeing
the fiscal side promise even more
stimulus. We've already seen roughly
about $6 billion in stimulus so far this
year. The latest coming last week with
more cash aid for about 35 million
families and job internships for fresh
graduates. What we're hoping to see
today is that the governor will also
support this growth push with more
easing and potentially even more
incentives for lending to sensitive
sectors that hire more workers.
And Claire, what's the uh, what are the
implications here on the currency?
Yeah, so so far we've seen the currency
regain some strength a little bit this
month, but if you're comparing it to
last month's rate decision when Governor
Warjiyo signaled a more dovish approach,
it's actually weakened about 1.2%
already. And of course, currency
stability is Bank Indonesia's primary
mandate. It will be something that
they're keeping their eyes on.
Things that will give them space to keep
on being dovish. First, we have pretty
low inflation in Indonesia. It's well
within Bank Indonesia's 1.5 to 3.5%
target, but more importantly,
expectations of more Federal Reserve
rate cuts. If we see more rate cuts at
the meeting later this month, that that
keeps Indonesian assets relatively
attractive to investors.
And maybe as a sign of their confidence
of investor interest in Indonesia,
they're even said to be considering a
yuan bond offering of about 5-year and
10-year tenors sometime. So, it seems to
me
whether while the Bank Indonesia seems
to be tolerating a weaker currency so
far, they're also confident that these
foreign flows will come back to
Indonesia.
All right, Claire. Thank you, Claire
Gill, there, our deputy Indonesian
bureau chief.
Of course, we're checking markets and
it's still really about that gold story
here. We talked about the correlations
when it comes to the likes of Thai baht,
the rand here. And that certainly is
going to be the key focus. And we're
focusing really on these miners as well,
which is following really that gold
price lower. Albeit though, as Dave
mentioned, we are bouncing off some of
the initial lows for gold prices here
this morning. So, things are stabilizing
a little bit, but you're still seeing
the likes of West Gold Resources, for
example, down some 10%. What else are
you watching, Dave? Yeah, I mean, the
temptation to really scratch this itch
was
I mean, just imagine trying to control
being scratching a very itchy spot for 2
months. And then you're now suddenly
allowed to reach that spot on your back
that you've been nagging you for 7
months.
You're going to go nuts. You're going to
tear the skin off on that. That's
exactly what we're seeing at our price
prices today. Gold ETFs traded across
the region. A lot of the big ones, of
course, on mainland in traded in
mainland China we're down about 5%,
which is again, which I guess tells you
about how really well-structured these
ETFs are. The fact that they're trading
almost within striking distance of each
other given the
the drop in the gold price of about 5%.
Okay, Pop Mart. Yeah. This is an update.
You So, we we basically saw that big pop
in the sales here, 250% year-on-year
growth with sales in overseas markets
also surging as well. So, that gave
another bit of kind of pop for the stock
after that correction that we saw
yesterday. And Citi was basically
saying, "Yeah, buying opportunity now."
5 and 1/2% up for Pop Mart.
That's it for us this time.